We did most of the suggested changes. Here are some exceptions:

3a (The authors should avoid referring to concepts prior to their statement in the text.)

Yes our order is highly not linear --- the book is designed for reading from any place
and it is not designed for reading from beginning to the end.
There is a good reason to make this order, it makes easier to find the needed information.
The material of the book can be used as a supplementary material for a course;
it also should work for self-study, but it is not at all lecture notes.
In fact, at the very beginning we write
"We note that our presentation is not linear; sometimes proofs and topics 
are deferred for later chapters to streamline the exposition and make it more natural."

3b  (The chapter on ultralimits needs more justification.)

Indeed, the phrase "Our use of ultralimits is very limited" should not be understood the way it is done by the referee, so we just removed it.

3c (The text needs more examples.)

Quite many examples are given in the exercises (often without calling them an example).
We added even more exercises to chapter 3.
For other chapters we could not find a single example that would make book better.

3d (The authors should define notation clearly, reconsider the introduction of some of its
novel notation, and include a glossary of notation.)

Our index include notations.
The funny omega is actually handwritten pi; we added a note about it.
According to index, it is defined on page 3 (and it is there).
Bared k is removed, thank you.

12.  The work of Wu-Yi Hsiang and Bruce Kleiner is described as "implicit application" --- it means that they essentially used Alexandrov geomеtry before it was actually introduced. We mention Grove--Wilking for an exceptionally interesting proof (it is not about the result).

15. Most of the time we use (first-name)+(last-name) around every reference. We use last-names in the names of theorem like Grove--Petersen comparison, and sometimes when name reapear in the same context (Alexandrov and Gromov often come without their first names). It seems to be consistent. 

omega-limit is used when we need to specify ultrafilter --- it is okay to use both.

For strainer/strut: strainer has opposite meaning from strut; this meaning is wrong and confusing.
